 Summary
Passionate second-year student pursuing B.Tech CSE. Experienced in developing various projects using different
programming languages, frameworks, and tools. Proficient in competitive coding in C++. Strong interest in game
development and artificial intelligence. Dedicated to learning new technologies and skills to grow my skills.
Education
Manipal University Jaipur | Jaipur, Rajasthan
B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering | 07/2026
Achieved a CGPA of 9.71 in the 1st year.
Delhi Public School Ranchi | Ranchi, Jharkhand
Higher Secondary School Certificate [CBSE] | 07/2022
Completed the course with a score of 89.8%
St. Thomas School Dhurwa | Ranchi, Jharkhand
Secondary School Certificate [ICSE] | 07/2020
Completed the course with a score of 95.2%
Skills
Unity, Python, C#, C++, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Leadership, Teamwork
Experience
MUJ ACM SIGAI Student Chapter | Jaipur, Rajasthan
Technical Head | 04/2023 - Present
Responsible for identifying and prioritizing technical goals for the chapter. Overseeing the implementation of cutting-edge
programs and projects. Collaborating closely with the talented and dedicated members of the chapter, including the Executive
Committee.
Randomize MUJ | Jaipur, Rajasthan
Event Coordinator | 01/2023 - 04/2023
Planning and organizing various events and activities, such as workshops, quizzes, etc. Marketing and promoting events and
activities using various channels and strategies.
VRPlaying Games
Game Developer | 09/2022 - 10/2022
I was responsible for converting pre-existing games written using Cocos2dx with C++ and Javascript to a Unity engine game
using C#. Took complete ownership of the entire codebase and ensured that the games maintained their original functionality,
performance, and quality. Implemented new features and enhancements using Unity's tools and frameworks.
DevTown (ShapeAI)
Data Analyst Intern | 06/2021 - 08/2021
Took full ownership of the product life cycle. Understood customer needs through research and market data. Owned and
shaped the backlog, roadmap, and vision of one cross-functional product team.
Projects
Sightscope
It utilizes cutting-edge artificial intelligence (AI) technology to automatically generate descriptive captions for images.
Through training an AI model on extensive datasets, we are able to extract visual features and generate meaningful
descriptions that enhance visual accessibility. Additionally, the potential applications of this project extend beyond enhancing
visual accessibility and can be utilized in areas such as surveillance and other relevant domains.
Lala Arnav Vatsal
8809377988 | arnav.vatsal2213@gmail.com | Jaipur, Rajasthan
Rainfall Prediction using RandomForest
It is a rainfall data processing model using Random Forest Regression, an ensemble learning technique that harnesses the
power of multiple decision trees. It is designed to provide forecasts on precipitation amounts for specific subdivisions within
the Indian peninsula, for both monthly and yearly intervals.
Project Silver Valley
A sci-fi first-person shooter game with complex enemy AI, full-body character animation, and dynamic shooting mechanics. I
used assets from Unity Asset Store to create a detailed game environment and incorporated APIs and SDKs for login and
leaderboard functionality.
Castle Siege
I designed a third-person multiplayer game with a real-time simulation of thousands of bots. I used advanced networking
solutions to support seamless multiplayer interactions and implemented a robust system for managing player interactions
and progress in an open-world environment.
Attendance Bot
I developed a bot for video conferencing softwares which used face recognition to mark attendance of the participants, using
Python and OpenCV library.
Awards
Runner up in Datathon
A data-focused hackathon which involved analyzing large sets of data and developing models or solutions to solve a specific
problem or challenge.
Semi-finalist in Toycathon
A national game-designing competition that challenges India’s innovative minds to conceptualize novel toys and games
based on Bharatiya civilization, history, culture, mythology, and ethos.
Silver Medalist in Majlish 
An interstate sit-and-draw competition held on a specific theme. Aimed at promoting creativity and artistic skills among them.
Qualified Zonal Informatics Olympiad
Part of the Indian Computing Olympiad (ICO), it tests students’ knowledge of computer science and programming.
Community Service
Fundraiser and Event Organizer
Youth Empowerment Foundation
Raised funds to distribute food packets and blankets to help the underprivileged community.
Health counselor [HIV Project]
Association of India for National Advancement
Provided HIV patients motivation and support to promote a healthy mental and physical state.
